Previously on Marshals...
I don't think
we've seen you on Broken Rock
since Monica's burial.
She picked out her favorite spot
on East Camp for me
- to visit her.
- Grandpa Long wants us to
honor Mom at
the remembrance ceremony.
Asked about borrowing
her favorite necklace.
Chair's empty. if you've
got a minute to chat.
You want more than a minute.
But I don't have that to give.
- Bartender's my kid.
- She's your daughter?
Marshal badge puts you
on the wrong side of me.
That horse is a grenade
with the pin pulled.
That's anger with legs.
I saw Monica's shoes
by the door.
I'm guessing that's her horse
terrorizing your ranch.
Dad!
Tate!
Hey!
Hey. hey! Hey!
Ow.
Lucky it was your arm
and not your head.
You know better than
to mess with that mustang.
Thought I could
connect with him.
Thinking is the last thing
you were doing.
He was Mom's.
And he's alive.
I just wanted to feel that.
There's wanting to connect and
there's getting yourself killed.
You don't have to be so angry.
I am angry.
The only way left for this world
to hurt me is through you. son.
Won't happen again.
Damn right.
Stallion's moving on.
He's Mom's.
You can't just
erase every memory of her.
He's caused enough trouble
around here.
It's time for his new beginning.
You sure all that grease
is good at your age?
Need the calories and trying to
get back to my fighting weight.
You're not worried
it might slow you down?
I know how you like to bolt
without a warning.
That's-that's funny.
I mean. it's mean.
but it's funny.
You were always skinny.
You were like a toothpick
in my baby pictures.
Oh. you. uh.
you still have those?
I was 19.
Was barely a man.
Mom says never a man.
We were both kids. so...
Hey. This-this is... this is
really nice. talking like this.
Yeah. if only I'd tended bar
when I was five.
we'd be just peachy.
How do I have
the world's slowest
and most expensive mechanic?
Hey.
You know. I got real good
at f-fixing Humvees
over in Afghanistan.
Happy to help.
I learned long ago...
to handle problems myself.
I know I wasn't around
when you needed me most.
But I'm here now. so...
Having a bar between us...
it feels about right... Cal.
Drove all the way to Wyoming
for nothing.
Horse taking a bite out
of the buyer made it worth it.
That wasn't funny.
Oh. yes. it was.
I'm gonna call Travis.
He'll find a home
for this bronc.
Maybe keeping Mom's horse
is a sign
you should be coming
to the remembrance ceremony
on Broken Rock.
We'll see.
Hayley?
Hayley.
- It's Tate.
- Tate.
Right. Um...
What are you doing here?
Just trying to sell a horse.
You?
Just out driving.
- In Wyoming?
- My boyfriend
likes road trips.
Um...
I can't keep him waiting though.
so. I'll... I'll see you.
Who was that?
Old classmate from the rez.
She doesn't seem like herself.
Strange place for a kid to be.
How'd lunch go with Maddie?
Scar tissue's
preventing healing. You know.
What'd you do to annoy her?
Besides not being
in her life since she was five?
Well. being estranged
for 20 years.
you can't exactly expect her to
welcome you back with open arms.
The fact she is talking to you
is a positive.
Positive? Uh...
I tried to help her out
of this jam.
and. you know.
she just shot me down. so...
Healing from a painful past
doesn't come easy.
Or that's her and I have no idea
what I'm talking about.
Hey. Harry.
¡Golazo!
As always. feels like
I'm at a cultural disadvantage.
My dad raised me on baseball.
not soccer.
- Double or nothing?
- No way.
I'm saving my cash
for a new place.
How much is your rent
in Bozeman?
Given I'm hoping
to pop smoke out of here.
I'm on a weekly lease. but it's
a quarter of what I paid in D.C.
You looking to leave the rez?
More like they're looking
to evict me.
Becoming a marshal
didn't go over so great.
Little late. cowboy.
Spent the night hollering
at that Dolly girl?
Thought you were done
investigating me.
That's not a denial.
Hey. does it strike you as odd
that a Broken Rock teenager
would be wandering around
a truck stop parking lot
in Wyoming?
Who's the kid?
Hayley Charlo.
A friend of my son's.
Mom reported her missing
right after I left tribal police
about four months ago.
Missing.
What. she run away?
Nobody knows.
That's how it goes with a lot of
these cases.
Was she alone?
She said she was
with her boyfriend.
My son said she wasn't herself.
Underage. out of sorts.
at a truck stop
across state lines.
Could be a victim
of trafficking.
Sex trafficking?
She's just a kid.
Okay. I get a little nervous
when I walk into a room
and it's this quiet.
Cowboy may have stumbled
on a trafficking case.
It's a girl
Tate went to school with.
Tribal police have
limited resources.
Be nice to use ours
to dig into this.
maybe coax 'em
into asking for assistance.
Look. it's a worthy cause.
y'all. but we just caught
an assignment. so...
Sammy LaChance. A...
...suspect
in multiple homicide cases.
- We're going manhunting?
- Not quite.
LaChance is a key witness
in a big federal trial
up in Helena.
so we're on protective duty.
Government would rather
protect a killer
than lift a finger
for missing girls.
You don't need five rifles
to go babysit.
Why don't you let us
go talk to Hayley's mom?
I'm certain she'd appreciate
knowing her kid's alive.
Hey. look.
You can relay what you saw.
but don't represent
the badge.
Tread lightly. all right?
Treading lightly
is Cowboy's specialty.
Also has charges
for aggravated assault.
loan sharking
and domestic abuse.
A model citizen.
What kind of witness
can this scumbag be?
An important one. okay?
Fed's case
hinges on his testimony.
Must be a real monster they're
going after to cut him a deal.
What I assumed.
But the case is actually against
a construction company
charged with defrauding
the government
out of millions
in a bid rigging scheme.
They're cutting a killer a deal
over some couch change.
Good idea fairies strike again.
It's gonna be on us
to keep LaChance safe
until his transport
to Helena arrive.
Became a marshal
to hunt monsters.
not protect them.
Can we at least do something for
the girl that Kayce ran into?
Check the truck stop?
Okay.
Reach out
to Wyoming State Police.
You saw Hayley?
Did she look like
she was eating?
Was-was she happy?
It's hard to say. ma'am.
She said she was on a road trip
with her boyfriend.
Do you know who that could be?
Right before she disappeared.
uh. I'd find her
all hours of the night.
face lit up by that damn phone.
And I'd ask her
who she was texting.
and she'd swear
it was nobody and...
One night. my car's gone.
and I prayed she had gone
to stay with Chrystal. but...
then the state troopers
found my car in Spurling.
And-and I said.
"I don't care about my car.
Where's my daughter?" And they...
I still don't have an answer.
So you haven't heard
from her since?
None of her friends have either.
Mm. none know this guy.
Do...
Think she really
went off with him?
Given what you shared.
seems likely Hayley
met someone online
who groomed her and then lured
her off of Broken Rock.
Oh. it's a cruel thing
when your best hope
is your child
fled the life you gave her.
Ow!
You can't blame yourself. Ellie.
My daughter Ava went missing
just over a year ago.
He knows.
Worked that case till my
last day on the tribal police.
Wish I'd been able to do more.
I know. Miles.
And. Kayce.
you got a fighting spirit.
Like Monica.
Didn't realize you knew her.
After Ava disappeared.
I founded North Star.
an advocacy group
that raises awareness
about girls missing
from the reservations.
Chairman Rainwater allows me
to work out of his office
to help spread this message.
Monica was committed
to working with us before...
I'm so sorry.
You saw my Hayley.
I didn't know until today
she was still alive.
Promise me
you won't let this go.
View from here is pretty nice.
How's it look. hon?
Any threats to my well-being?
- Not from out there.
- He orders another steak.
just keep the knives
away from me.
Think the taxpayers
would be happy we're footing
a suspected killer's staycation?
Well. DOJ has their priorities.
Yeah. but do we?
'Cause someone's
preying on girls
and we're luxuriating.
Wyoming State Troopers report
no sightings of Hayley.
Hope for luck
with the Amber Alert I issued.
It's not our case. okay?
So quit getting invested.
Chance to reunite an estranged
parent with their daughter's
not something
you're invested in?
Security sweep. floor-to-floor.
Coming to make
another roadblock?
Well. marshals on the rez
makes some folks uneasy.
Even if you lived here.
Or still do.
Think everyone but you and
the chairman has keyed my car.
Mm.
Sera reached out.
shared you saw our Hayley.
I figured
Ellie would want to know
that her daughter
was still alive.
Of course.
But understand
what you've done here today.
You've given Ellie something she
didn't have a few minutes ago.
Hope.
Is that a bad thing?
Around here. hope is a knife
that cuts two ways.
And since nobody has reached out
to the tribal police.
you're here
in an unofficial capacity.
meaning you're spreading
false hope.
If tribal police
ask for assistance.
we could help.
Those requests have fallen
on deaf ears many times before.
Local. state.
federal authorities
were all too happy
to declare our missing girls
runaways.
Maybe we can change that.
We've walked a similar path
on this land before. Kayce.
Searching for a missing girl.
The search ended quickly.
And tragically.
Listen. this evil
keeps evolving.
but the results stay the same.
And for the families.
the wounds never heal.
Could be different this time.
Well. we all know
the chances of that.
Our missing daughters could use
a sheepdog like Kayce.
His superiors
would never allow it.
Yet another battle
we fight alone.
How can we fight it when we're
not allowed on the battlefield?
Miles says Hayley and
another Broken Rock girl. Ava.
were both targeted online.
No wonder Miles is so dialed in.
Guarantee he and Kayce have
found a few trees to bark up.
Can't hurt for us to do
some moonlighting of our own.
A look into Hayley
and Ava's social media
could shed some light.
Okay. Yeah.
No suspicious activity
or persons out there.
Hotel's quiet.
- Good.
- Peaceful.
I like that.
It's why I'm hoping
I'm getting relocated to Hawaii.
Maybe California.
Just nowhere cold.
Relocated?
You're going into WITSEC?
All I got to do
is squeal in court later.
then tomorrow's
the first day of my new life.
- Clean slate.
- Lot of money
and resources are going
into burying your sins.
Who could be more deserving?
Hey. escort's en route.
Let's go.
Let's get you presentable
for the courtroom.
I got into Hayley
and Ava's social media.
Looks like they both interacted
with someone
who calls himself
"green_eyezz44."
Thirst trap for girls
who want to escape.
Engages them. lures them
off the reservation.
then puts them
in compromising positions
he can blackmail them with.
I wish I could
get an ID on this sicko.
but the app only requires
a first name to sign up.
He used "Noah."
Still. the hats and shades
make FRS a waste of time.
Uh. trace an IP address.
It's masked by a VPN.
Wait.
He just posted.
This guy is literally
on the prowl right now.
You never mentioned
you worked Ava's case.
Another instance of something
I started but couldn't finish.
Lot of open wounds
on Broken Rock.
Be nice to track down
Hayley and Ava.
heal at least a couple.
Could help my standing
in the community.
I'm not too comfortable here
myself.
Bad memories?
Some of my best.
Andrea just got a hit on a guy
who was DMing
both Ava and Hayley.
That could be our predator.
He's active.
hunting for his next victim.
That's Greely Creek.
I used to take Tate
to that hole.
This was posted a half hour ago.
You up for some fishing?
Dirtbag isn't walking
into his new life.
- He's taking a motorcade.
- Feels more and more like
the worst of us get rewarded
while the most vulnerable
just keep getting stepped on.
LaChance is still getting ready.
If we can't help
the most vulnerable.
maybe we can make
the most horrible suffer.
I'm Deputy Marshal Cruz.
This is Deputy Marshal Skinner.
Um. it's not our place. but
in my time with Mr. LaChance.
I couldn't help but notice
he's got a number
of known associates
he's looking
to make contact with.
Mostly in Hawaii.
California. too.
Sounds like they're cooking up
some warm weather scams.
Thank you for sharing.
Thanks for the memories.
If you ever get to Oahu.
I'm not there.
God willing.
Hard to defend
pointing the spear
in this particular direction.
but...
mission accomplished.
Have either of you heard
from Kayce or Miles?
Mm. wherever they are.
it's a better use of their time
and skills
than what we just had to do.
How we gonna get
this monster to talk?
We've got no jurisdiction.
By making him think
it's his best option.
Is it ours. though?
Cal only gave us his blessing
to talk to Hayley's mom.
Sometimes you got
to break the rules
for the right reasons.
I'm not a marshal right now.
I'm a dad
looking for his son's friend.
If you want no part of this.
I respect that.
You walk your path. not mine.
You have a visitor.
Chairman
must be looking for Kayce.
Maybe he needs his help
with Hayley.
Or he's pissed our boys are
stirring things up on his rez.
Deputy Marshal Calvin.
Apologies for the intrusion.
No.
It's no intrusion. Chairman.
Though. uh. I am curious
what brings you here.
What you've done for Kayce.
giving him this new beginning.
I thank you.
Well. he's a true warrior.
so. you know. there's
a self-serving element to it.
Oh. the privilege
of leadership. huh?
Every once in a while.
you can do something good.
Indeed.
Is there some good that
I could do for you. Chairman?
This issue of missing children
from the reservation has become
an epidemic
for our people.
And I'm sure it is hard
to combat with your...
limited resources.
The limit isn't just
our resources.
but the will
of other law enforcement.
Of all the indignities we face.
few are as insulting
as the indifference
to our lost children.
Well. as a father. uh...
I... I-I can only imagine
the pain
of a child gone missing.
A pain that's exacerbated
when men with federal badges
get hopes up.
Kayce and Miles were there
to just share some information.
not make promises.
Well. the promises are
only empty when not backed up
from above.
One of my most
challenging responsibilities
as chairman is knowing
when to ask for help.
Not something
men with power like to do.
especially when it comes
to asking the very government
that's waging a war
on our way of life.
You'd rather lose the battle
on your terms
than win on someone else's.
These girls deserve better
than my pride
getting in the way.
And I cannot lead the battle
to find them.
so I'm here to ask
if you will.
Hey. this hole's taken.
Go downstream.
Thought you were
looking for company.
Step off. bro.
What the hell are you do...
The hell. man?
What kind of fish we catch?
Think it's called
a "green_eyezz."
Where are the girls you lured
off Broken Rock. Hayley and Ava?
I don't know them.
Wrong answer.
I don't know
where Hayley or Ava's at!
Suddenly remember their names.
Couple of stalkers.
Couldn't keep off my jock.
This one's a fighter.
Might have to see if our lures
are strong enough.
Okay.
I just had some fun with 'em
and tossed 'em aside.
No big deal.
Using pictures and videos
to blackmail them
into sex work's a little fun?!
How many other girls?
He's got dozens
of conversations going.
Where are they?
I will gut you right here
if you don't talk.
If I tell you.
will you let me go?
I won't hurt you.
Hey.
Gifford just gave his blessing.
We can assist
the Broken Rock tribal police.
Tactical Swiss Army knife gets
to help the most vulnerable.
That's a good win.
What's this?
Y'all been working
this case behind my back?
Kind of right
in front of you. actually.
I'd consider this
a "beg for forgiveness"
versus an "ask
for permission" situation.
Okay.
What do you got?
Okay. meet Kurt Bludsoe.
fully-formed POS.
Long jacket filled with
pimping and pandering.
I mean. add sex trafficking
to that résumé.
he goes away for life.
Kayce and Miles
think he's running
Hayley and other girls.
Got them from some lowlife
who lured them off the rez.
Let's get an interstate
BOLO out. We're gonna cast
a wider net.
I want you to forward
that mug to state troopers
and local PD in the region.
Okay. I'll dig up
a list of family. friends
- and former cellies.
- Cool.
And. hey. hey.
Let Kayce and Miles know
we're on the job.
They can come home.
You said I wouldn't get hurt.
I said I wouldn't hurt you.
You preyed on the rez.
now the rez
is gonna prey on you.
Hey! Hey... No!
No. no. no. please. no!
Let me go!
No. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry!
Please. I...
No. No! Let me go!
No!
You got in late.
What's all this?
Mom's stuff.
Trying to find
something we can read
for the ceremony.
Well. I'll have to see
if I can go.
Finding Hayley's
gonna take priority.
Wait. what?
So she is missing?
Yeah.
Did she run away?
Was she taken?
Like that girl
you found in the back
of the van that time?
We're gonna bring her home.
Hey.
Buddy.
I'm gonna find her. all right?
We never would have crossed
paths with Hayley
if you weren't
trying to sell Mom's horse.
Almost like Mom's
trying to save her from above.
If you won't
make it to the ceremony...
...bringing Hayley back
is the best way to honor her.
You know. I just got a call from
LaChance's WITSEC agent
thanking us for all the intel
on Sammy's contacts
in Hawaii and California.
What the hell is all that about?
Just balancing the scales.
Any idea where he's going?
They didn't say.
But they did assure me
it's gonna be very cold.
Well...
...in crappier news.
still no hits
on the BOLO we put out.
No luck pinging Bludsoe's phone.
It's likely he ditched it.
Well. he has
to advertise these girls
in a way that we can track.
We could catfish him.
Set up puppet accounts.
johns looking for girls.
That's worth a shot.
Where are we with
known associates?
Got a pretty long list
of folks within the region.
I'll send it to Kayce and Miles.
Uh. have they
shown their faces yet?
Gearing up to kick some doors.
Every hour that goes by.
chances of finding the girls
gets smaller.
Relax.
We're making progress.
If you're telling me
to be optimistic.
I'm in trouble.
What a sight for sore eyes.
Y'all. uh. taking off
- so soon?
- Can't find the girls
from behind a desk.
Shaking trees
- is how you get the fruit.
- I appreciate y'all
putting it on
the line for Hayley.
just make sure
you don't cross it.
The girls deserve
whatever it takes.
And they deserve these predators
go away for a long time.
and that's why everything's
got to stick in court.
Kayce. you just slipped
Gifford's noose.
Miles. we know what happens
when you push things too far.
your badge ends up
in the crosshairs.
Thank you for taking this case.
Hey. can't make it personal.
Already is.
Kurt Bludsoe's photo
just popped up
in DMV records.
but under a different name.
And a credit card
with that alias
just bought gas
at a truck stop in Three Forks
about half an hour ago.
Three Forks?
Kayce and Miles
are headed that way.
I'm gonna rip Bludsoe
from limb to limb
if we find him.
Got to lead us
to the girls first.
What was that.
uh. Cal was saying
about your badge
being in the crosshairs?
Low-level dealer
was coming onto the rez.
spreading his poison.
So I tracked him down.
arrested him off tribal land.
Cal got called in.
Bet Rainwater loved that.
Chairman nearly took my badge.
Cal saw something.
What. exactly. I don't know.
You're a good marshal.
Your first day
on the job. you told me
this job might not be for me.
If we don't get Hayley back.
you'll be right.
I'll look around the trucks.
All right.
I'll take the service area.
If you see him.
call me before you make a move.
Hayley?
I'm Tate's dad.
okay?
I'm here to take you home.
Stop. you can't talk to me.
No. wait. wait. wait.
I know what's happening to you.
It's okay.
Where's Bludsoe?
You don't know
what he's capable of.
He has eyes everywhere.
I'll protect you.
I promise.
Just come with me.
He'll hurt the others.
Right after
I was passed to Kurt.
a couple other girls
tried to get away.
He hurt them?
Not them.
My friend Ava.
He killed her
to teach us all a lesson.
I...
The others aren't all here.
If I go with you right now.
alone. they will pay.
How many girls are with you?
Nine.
I need to stop talking to you.
Leave me alone.
No. no. no.
If you come with me.
I'll come back
and get the others.
I have to go.
You got to give me something.
Give me something. okay?
You got to help me
find you guys.
I can't remember the name.
Another stop they take us to.
the place with the trees.
Get us there.
Wh... Wh...
You have to let me go.
Like a miracle.
Hayley falls right into
our hands and Kayce tosses her
back to a killer.
There were nine girls
being held.
She didn't want
to leave them behind.
I've seen you be real persuasive
when you need to be.
Hey. it sounds like
the others would've been killed
if Kayce had
forced her to go. Miles.
Hayley's bonded
to them.
They look out for one another.
It's common
in extreme abuse cases.
I'm sorry about Ava. Miles.
If there are ten girls.
Bludsoe has to be using a van
or some large vehicle
to move them around.
Hayley did say
that they were going
to the place with all the trees.
Anything more specific?
No. she was scared.
She didn't
want to be seen with me.
Well. it's something. at least.
I'm on it.
Skinner.
let's update that BOLO. too.
Hey. man.
Don't blame yourself
about Hayley.
There was just
no easy choices there.
Man. I prefer kicking doors
than making tough calls.
Yeah?
I know you have
a lot on your plate. Kayce.
but Mo shared that you
and Miles have made progress.
but didn't say what kind.
We're doing everything we can.
Well. despite knowing
how these things usually end.
I confess. hope is contagious.
Well. the last thing I want
to do is cause you to lose it.
I swallowed my pride
asking the marshals
for help earlier.
I did so knowing
you'd be leading the charge.
I'm doing my best.
Well. your best is what
Hayley and Ava deserve.
And I know
you're their best hope.
Well. I'll
keep you updated. sir.
Where's Kayce?
Send him out to aid and abet
any other criminals?
What'd I say about
taking this so personally?
I need you to throttle down.
okay? Look.
we got a trail
on the breadcrumbs
that Hayley dropped for Kayce.
What kind of breadcrumbs?
The place with the trees
isn't about actual trees.
It's a logo.
Ponderosa Truck Stops
all across I-90. There is one
50 miles
from where Kayce saw Hayley.
Camper's how
Bludsoe's moving them.
Two other guys must be
Bludsoe's eyes and muscle.
When was this?
Are they still there?
First one is three hours ago.
This one's 40 minutes ago.
- So we've lost them.
- Yeah. but
not if we can track the camper.
As long as they
stay on public highways.
I can use OCR to find them.
Kayce's gamble paid off.
Not until we find the girls.
Road weather camera just
got a hit on the camper moving
south on 287 near Toston.
We cut across 84. might be able
to take them down by Norris.
Go.
Hey. we're rolling out.
We should be closing in on them.
Are there any state troopers
or local police in the area?
We're the closest out.
Could be your
redemption. cowboy.
Better not miss.
Okay. I've got eyes
on the target.
We moving in heavy?
Negative.
We're gonna hold back.
keep eyes on them.
When they stop. we'll pounce.
There's a small town
about ten miles ahead.
They could stop there.
Low vis. Miles.
Low vis. hold back.
- Hold back.
- Miles.
we have to take them
with their guard down.
They're accelerating.
They-they've spotted us.
Girls are at risk
if we don't back off.
Back off.
we'll never see 'em again.
What's the call?
If we get ahead.
we can lay down a spike strip.
bring 'em to a halt.
Copy.
We'll handle it. Okay.
you're gonna get ahead of 'em.
all right?
Okay. look out. Gun.
Pull back. pull back.
Pull back.
Shots fired! Shots fired!
I can't return fire
with the girls in there.
Suggestion box is open.
I'll draw fire
so you can overtake 'em.
Good copy.
The shooter pops up.
put his head down.
I can't shoot him
with the girls in there.
Improvise.
Punch it.
Go. go. go. go. go. go. go.
Not gonna get far.
Okay. y'all take the
back door. We're gonna go around
and get the driver.
Clear.
Secure the girls.
Kayce. sitrep.
We missed them.
They're gone.